well whoa whoa look what I found look
what I found
what is it Wow look at that it's a dam
me we can do a lot of great stuff with
this
okay flops go stand over there Oh use
thee to record you on DVD what should I
say I don't know just stage an action
show or something hmm okay I got
something
hello everyone and welcome to the flop
TSA's action show today my good friend
Mark over here say hi hark hi will
participate in a daring stunt in which
he will catch this cannonball dropped by
our agents and tossed it aside like a
rocket
wait what ooh that's gotta hurt but
don't worry mark will be fine as soon as
he recovers from 20 broken bones and oh
well hey Mark uh you still aren't mad
about that can of all things are you
wait but if they're really neat